Works with ruby 1.9.2

To get the program to output to files uncomment the "write_to_file()" method 
call on lines 40 and 50 in stacker_test.rb and run "ruby stacker_test.rb".

This problem gave me a ton of trouble. I spent a lot of time trying to get both
"TIMES inside IF" and "IF inside TIMES" working. Only after a few days of
banging my head against the wall did I realize I only needed the latter case to
work. 

However, being stuck did give me time to investigate different ways of possibly
getting it to work. So I got to review abstract syntax trees, breadth first 
search, and a brief look into writing interpreters.

I'm not proud of this code at all. I have a gigantic if/else statement. I know 
I could turn it into a case statement but I don't think it would help much so I
just kept it as is. I'm thinking there must be a design pattern I could apply 
here but at this point I spent about a week on the problem and am anxious to
submit it. I'm also not proud of the WAY I wrote it. I just kept trying 
different things and kept fixing what would break. Luckily, the tests were 
there to show me if I was making progress or not. But I really didn't feel like
I was "crafting" a program, it felt a lot more like "hacking". Either way, the
problem is solved and I'm not sure how to clean it up more so the best I could
do was make my ruby as idiomatic as I could. 

This problem did spark an interest in writing interpreters though. I know what I
did here is a big mess so I'm curious to see the "right" way to do it. 

After having struggled through this problem I'm not sure if my level of ruby or 
programming is at an appropriate level for RMU but I really do want to join. 
I've been programming for over 10 years professionally on the Microsoft stack
so I have a lot of years under my belt. But I also know I am lacking something
though I can't even put my finger on what that something is. All I know is that
I really want to get better. A few months back I finished a ruby course at
rubylearning.org. Then I went on to be mentored by one of the instructors
there (he hand picked me and one other student for the mentoring). My mentoring
is about to end and I've completed every assignment given to me so far.

Anyway, my point is that I have a strong desire to get better. If I'm at all
close to being qualified to join RMU please let me in :)
